Part-Time ∙ Job
Software & Web Development Analyst
Teutsch Partners, LLC
Remote ∙ Global
About the role
Application deadline
September 23, 2023 12:00 AM
Posted date
August 23, 2023
Estimated pay
$27.00-35.00 per hour
Location type
Remote
US work authorization
Not required
Applied on September 13, 2023
Teutsch Partners, LLC received your application and will be reviewing it shortly.

Withdraw application
Whova, Inc.Asian Counseling & Referral ServiceStottler Henke Associates, Inc. - Artificial Intelligence Software Solutions
View similar jobs from companies like Whova, Inc., Asian Counseling & Referral Service, and Stottler Henke Associates, Inc. - Artificial Intelligence Software Solutions
View
Role Description
Teutsch Partners, a diversified Seattle-based commercial real estate developer, is seeking a capable computer science student for a part-time programming role (15-25 hours/week) to accelerate the automation and online presence of our businesses. The programmer will collaborate with our lead programmer and business analyst, himself a UW CSE Masters student, on key web and software initiatives, as well as outside programming specialists. He or she will be play an integral role in developing and deploying digital solutions to streamline processes such as leasing/reservations, marketing, property management, project management, maintenance dispatch, etc.  

We seek someone who is eager to apply their computer science acumen to making an impact on a well-established Seattle business. The position requires an ambitious, reliable, hard-working, and self-reliant candidate who is confident in his/her programming abilities, particularly as it relates to web development and database management. He or she must be able to balance these part-time work responsibilities with the rigors of academic work while matriculating. 

We believe in the tremendous potential of improving our tenant experience, as well as the efficiency of our commercial operations, through digitalization of our business. We are eager to share with you the key projects we have underway and our goals for the fall.  

Below we list the minimum and preferred qualifications for this role. Please do not feel dissuaded if you do not perfectly match what is listed here; the most important factors in your success at obtaining this position are that you demonstrate strong communication skills and a willingness to learn and adapt on the go.

 

Minimum Qualifications:

Basic familiarity with HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Solid understanding of git and version control
 

Preferred Qualifications:

2+ years experience with HTML, JavaScript and CSS
2+ years experience using git and github on collaborative project
Experience with Firebase
Experience with Python
Experience with SQL
Have built and launched a website or web app
You match some of Teutsch Partners, LLC's candidate preferences
Employers are more likely to interview you if you match these preferences:
 GPA
 Majors
 School Year
Employer does not require work authorization.
About Teutsch Partners, LLC
Follow
Employees
10 - 50
Industry
Real Estate
Headquarters
Portland, OR
Teutsch Partners Teutsch Partners, LLC, founded in 1987, is a privately-owned commercial real estate development and investment company focused in the Seattle and Portland area.

Our development projects consist of a wide array of mixed-use residential, office, industrial, warehouse, marina, and medical facilities.